[feat] Add support for associating scheduler resources with an environment (#3152)
reframe-hpc/reframe: docs/config_reference.rst

Custom Job Scheduler Resources
==============================

> ReFrame allows you to define custom scheduler resources for each partition that you can then transparently access through the :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` attribute of a regression test or the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ReFrame allows you to define custom scheduler resources for each partition/environment that can then be transparently accessed through the :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` attribute of a regression test or the environment.
```

Custom Job Scheduler Resources
==============================

> ReFrame allows you to define custom scheduler resources for each partition/environment that can then be transparently accessed through the :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` attribute of a regression test or the environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ReFrame allows you to define custom scheduler resources for each partition that can then be transparently accessed through the :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources` attribute of a test or from an environment.
```

    The backend assumes a ``qsub`` option, if the options passed in these attributes start with a ``-``.

.. py:attribute:: systems.partitions.env_resources.name

   :required: Yes

>   The name of this resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The name of the resources.
```

  This name will be used to request this resource in a programming environment :attr:`~environments.resources`.

   .. versionadded:: 4.6

.. py:attribute:: systems.partitions.env_resources.options

   :required: No
   :default: ``[]``

   A list of options to be passed to this partition’s job scheduler.

>    This is very similar to the :attr:`~config.systems.partitions.resources.options` parameter, but it is used to define resources that are specific to a programming environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This is very similar to the :attr:`~config.systems.partitions.resources.options` parameter, but it is used to define resources specific to a programming environment.
```

   It first looks for definitions for the current partition, then for the containing system and, finally, for global definitions (the ``*`` pseudo-system).

.. py:attribute:: environments.resources

   :required: No
   :default: ``{}``

>    This is similar to a regression test's :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Scheduler resources associated with this environments.
   
   This is the equivalent of a test's :attr:`~reframe.core.pipeline.RegressionTest.extra_resources`.
```
